updates for VPC support from Nadine2016 (#669)
portworx/pxdocs: content/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/cloud/ibm/_index.md

> ## Step 1: Plan the setup of your IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service cluster

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Plan the setup of your IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service or Red Hat OpenShift cluster
```

> Portworx is a highly available software-defined storage solution that you can use to manage persistent storage for your containerized databases or other stateful apps in your IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service or Red Hat OpenShift cluster across multiple zones. To make sure that your cluster is set up with the compute resources that are required for Portworx, review the FAQs in this step.

Author: ```suggestion
Portworx is a highly available software-defined storage solution that you can use to manage persistent storage for your containerized databases or other stateful apps in your IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service or Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud cluster across multiple zones. To make sure that your cluster is set up with the compute resources that are required for Portworx, review the FAQs in this step.
```

**What worker node flavor is the right one for Portworx?** </br>
The worker node flavor that you need depends on the infrastructure provider that you use. If you have a classic cluster, IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service and Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud provide classic bare metal worker node flavors that are optimized for software-defined storage (SDS) usage. These flavors also come with one or more raw, unformatted, and unmounted local disks that you can use for your Portworx storage layer. In classic clusters, Portworx offers the best performance when you use SDS Ubuntu 18 worker node machines that come with 10 Gbps network speed. For an overview of available SDS flavors, see the [IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-planning_worker_nodes#sds) or [Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/openshift?topic=openshift-planning_worker_nodes#sds) documentation.

> In VPC clusters, make sure to select a [virtual server flavor](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/vpc-on-classic-vsi?topic=vpc-on-classic-vsi-profiles) that meets the [minimum hardware requirements](/start-here-installation/) for Portworx. The flavor that you choose must have a network speed of 10 Gpbs or more for optimal performance. All VPC flavors are not set up with raw and unformatted block storage devices. To successfully install and run Portworx, you must [manually attach block storage devices](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-utilities#vpc_api_attach) to each of your worker nodes first.

Author: This sentence isn't clear to me:

> All VPC flavors are not set up with raw and unformatted block storage devices.

Which of the following is true?

* Not all VPC flavors include raw and unformatted block storage devices.
* No VPC flavors include raw and unformatted block storage devices. 

I'm assuming the latter, since the next sentence indicates that users must manually attach?

Reviewer: yeah it is the latter. I'll update that sentence

> In VPC clusters, make sure to select a [virtual server flavor](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/vpc-on-classic-vsi?topic=vpc-on-classic-vsi-profiles) that meets the [minimum hardware requirements](/start-here-installation/) for Portworx. The flavor that you choose must have a network speed of 10 Gpbs or more for optimal performance. All VPC flavors are not set up with raw and unformatted block storage devices. To successfully install and run Portworx, you must [manually attach block storage devices](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-utilities#vpc_api_attach) to each of your worker nodes first.

Author: ```suggestion
In VPC clusters, make sure to select a [virtual server flavor](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/vpc-on-classic-vsi?topic=vpc-on-classic-vsi-profiles) that meets the [minimum hardware requirements](/start-here-installation/) for Portworx. The flavor that you choose must have a network speed of 10 Gpbs or more for optimal performance. No VPC flavors include raw and unformatted block storage devices. To successfully install and run Portworx, you must [manually attach block storage devices](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-utilities#vpc_api_attach) to each of your worker nodes first.
```

3. Choose the worker node flavor for your [Kubernetes](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-planning_worker_nodes) or [OpenShift](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/openshift?topic=openshift-planning_worker_nodes) cluster that you want to use. Make sure to review Step 1 to find frequently asked questions for the type of worker node that best meets the Portworx minimum requirements.
4. Make sure that your IBM Cloud account is set up with the right [permissions](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-clusters#cluster_prepare) to create a cluster.
5. Create a [Kubernetes](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-clusters#clusters_ui) or [OpenShift](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/openshift?topic=openshift-openshift-create-cluster#openshift_create_cluster_console) cluster.

> 6. If you created a classic cluster with non-SDS worker nodes or a VPC cluster, add raw, unformatted, and unmounted block storage to your worker nodes. For more information, see the [documentation](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-portworx#create_block_storage). The block storage devices are attached to your worker node and can be included in the Portworx storage layer. If you used SDS worker nodes, you do not need to attach raw block storage devices to your worker nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
6. If you created a classic cluster with non-SDS worker nodes or a VPC cluster, add raw, unformatted, and unmounted block storage to your worker nodes. For more information, see the [Creating raw, unformatted, and unmounted block storage for VPC and non-SDS classic worker nodes](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-portworx#create_block_storage) section of the IBM documentation. The block storage devices are attached to your worker node and can be included in the Portworx storage layer. If you used SDS worker nodes, you do not need to attach raw block storage devices to your worker nodes.
```

Reviewer: @nathan-px I cannot make updates to the text. I am ok with the suggested changes that you made. Also, none of the VPC flavors come with storage so for all you have to manually attach storage to the worker node.
